Hello again, my creative friend. Thank you so much for joining me here to bust these big four myths, plus one bonus fifth myth, which is super fun to say. Fifth myth.
Now, I'm not going to go into too much detail about my story here. I'm sending along some emails that explain how I went from drifter and dreamer to a family man with a full time job who completed two music projects, Born to the World and Going to the Zany Zoo, and two kids books, Gary the Gargoyle and Going to the Zany Zoo, plus a three year run of The Spark in the Art, a weekly creativity podcast.
Most recently, I've started a supportive community of creatives getting their ideas out of their heads and into the world without losing quality time with friends and family. The Off Hours Creative.
These four myths, I've busted myself, and that means I know that simply listening to me talk about them isn't going to do too much for you.
So, each myth has a set of exercises for you to do. They aren't there for you to just admire and look at. They are there for you to actually do.
The whole point of this mini-course isn't to show you how much I know. It's to get you creating more consistently. To allow you to do creative work and not feel guilty that you aren't doing the dishes or whatever.
It's to get you back to doing that thing that sparks joy in you. That thing that creates a calming excitement within you.
The purpose of this is to get you free from what's blocking you and start moving you forward with your projects again.
So, don't just go through this and say, cool, I know that now. Use a notebook, a journal, or scrap piece of paper and work through the myths so you can break through the myths.
If you have any questions about the mini-course or you have an issue with the site, just click the little life preserver in the top right and that will contact me directly.
Or, use the social links to the left and get me in my DMs.
That's it. Now, get to work busting those myths.